chore: update offboarding (#509)
electron/governance: policy/leaving-governance.md

## Offboarding Items

1. A governance member (Typically the WG Chair) update README file in [governance](https://github.com/electron/governance) for the WG the member is leaving.

2. A governance member (Typically the WG Chair) submits a PR in [.permissions repo](https://github.com/electron/.permissions/).
  * Merging this PR will automatically remove the contributor from:
    * The WG's team on GitHub
    * The WG's user group on Slack

> 3. A Slack Admin demotes the member's account from Full Member to Multi-Channel Guest

Reviewer: Should we formally specify the policy on which channels people get to stay in after being demoted to an MCG?

    * Message in `#wg-community-safety` to request this.
    * Any member of Community & Safety WG is a Slack admin.

4. Message in `#access-request` that the contributor has left Electron Governance.

5. Disable the former member's GSuite account
  * The account needs to be manually disabled, and 30 days later will be deleted.
    * See [details on GSuite permissions](./permissions.md#gsuite).
  
6. Remove the former member from the [Electron organization](https://github.com/electron/) on GitHub.

> 7. Reset the former member's Slack account email to a personal email.

Reviewer: This needs to be done before (3) otherwise it may prevent access to the Slack account

## Offboarding Items

> 1. A governance member (Typically the WG Chair) update README file in [governance](https://github.com/electron/governance) for the WG the member is leaving.

Reviewer 2: - 'Typically' is capitalized for no reason
- grammar error with "member update README file"
- doesn't discuss what change is actually to be made in the README. Does the member get removed? Do we have a separate section for former members? There was discussion in Vancouver about emeritus members; how are those handled?

> 2. A governance member (Typically the WG Chair) submits a PR in [.permissions repo](https://github.com/electron/.permissions/).

Reviewer 2: - copypaste capitalization error from previous sentence
- "in .permissions repo" grammar error
- doesn't document what change is actually to be made in the PR. Is removing the username from the WG sufficient?

  * Merging this PR will automatically remove the contributor from:
    * The WG's team on GitHub
    * The WG's user group on Slack

> 3. Reset the former member's Slack account email to a personal email.

Reviewer 2: - Who does this?

> 4. A Slack Admin demotes the member's account from Full Member to Multi-Channel Guest

Reviewer 2: Steps 4 onward do not apply if the contributor is a member of another working group

>     * Message in `#wg-community-safety` to request this.

Reviewer 2: - Who does the messaging?

    * Any member of Community & Safety WG is a Slack admin.

>     * A demotes MCG has access to `#random`, `#ask-anything`, and in certain circumstances other channels by WG vote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * A demoted MCG has access to `#random`, `#ask-anything`, and in certain circumstances other channels by WG vote.  By default, all non-guest channels should be removed from their channel list to keep those spaces safe.
```

>     * A demoted MCG has access to `#random`, `#ask-anything`, and in certain circumstances other channels by WG vote.  By default, all non-guest channels should be removed from their channel list to keep those spaces safe.

Reviewer 2: - "should be removed from their channel list" doesn't really mean anything? If this means "removed from all groups except for the defaults" then this doc should say that. But TBH I'm not sure what "removed from their channel list"  is saying.

- "In certain circumstances" + "by WG vote" is redundant

> 5. Message in `#access-requests` that the contributor has left Electron Governance.

Reviewer 2: * Who does this messaging?

> 6. Disable the former member's GSuite account

Reviewer 2: Who does this?

  * The account needs to be manually disabled, and 30 days later will be deleted.
    * See [details on GSuite permissions](./permissions.md#gsuite).
  

> 7. Remove the former member from the [Electron organization](https://github.com/electron/) on GitHub.

Reviewer 2: Who does this?
